In 14th century medieval Europe, the air was damp with the smell of sweat, dust, and horse poo. The dull metallic noise of spears and shields against each other mingled the square with the roar of the crowd. The tournament, it was a sport and war only for nobles."Jenjang, Lord Ector is being pushed back again!"Red-haired Wat exclaimed, breathing heavily. Next to him stood rational Roland with a firm look on his face. And between them, there was a young man anxiously watching the Lord's match, covered in dust. His name was William Thatcher, the son of a roof ruler. His fate had been defined by 'the servant' since birth.At the end of the game, they greeted Lord Hector, who returned to the tent. But he did not budge on the saddle. By the time Rowland had discreetly taken off his pitch, Lord Hector had already died."It's over... we're unemployed now," Watt murmured hopelessly.It was then. Sir Hector's flashing armor entered William's eyes. A long-suppressed flame began to burn in his chest."No, it's not over."William said, as if determined, "I go to the game in Lord Hector's armour.""Crazy? It's something that only aristocrats can do!" Roland interrupted, freaked out."Just one win. We can start again with the prize money."William wore heavy steel armor. The armor over his servant's shabby clothes was too big for him, but William felt a strange sense of liberation. He drove his horse out onto the field, and despite his poor workmanship, he managed to subdue his opponent. It was his first career victory."You can't end it with this," declared William, who had tasted the sweetness of victory. "I will go on. I will change my fate."William died, the son of the roofing man. And a fake knight, 'Lord Ulrich von Liechtenstein of Gelderland,' was born. Roland and Watt reluctantly took on his role as his servants.Their journey was bumpy. On their way to Luang, where the first tournament was held, they met a man sitting naked in a forest road. He said he lost everything because of his gambling debt. His name was Jeffrey Chaucer, a man who would later be called the great poet, but now he was just a hungry wandering minstrel."I can make you a document to prove your noble ancestry."Chaucer's suggestion was sweet. He produced a perfect fake pedigree certificate for William with his excellent verbal prowess and became a messenger (Herald) of the tournament, marking the appearance of 'Sir Ulrich'.Luang's tournament hall was much bigger than William imagined. And there he met two fateful opponents.One was Jocelyn, a brilliantly beautiful and imposing aristocratic woman. William's heart seemed to stop the moment he saw her. Her silk dress hem and free-spirited smile were completely different from the world of the people he belonged to.The other was Count Adema, who was cold-blooded and arrogant. He was a strong contender for the tournament and cast a contemptuous eye on William (Ulrich). Adema was also openly interested in Joslyn.'You can't lose her to someone like that,' William burned his competition.William won consecutive games with his innate talent and boldness. Chaucer's flamboyant introduction wowed the crowd, and the name of Lord Ulrich spread throughout Europe. He learned to dance to win Jocelyn's heart and even broke the chivalry and endured defeat when she asked him to lose on purpose to "prove his love."On their way, they met Kate, an accomplished female blacksmith, and joined the team. Kate made special armor for William, which was lighter and more flexible. A knight from a lowly background, a horse messenger, a female blacksmith, and two loyal servants. They were a perfect team of mischievous men.William's lies, however, were always in jeopardy. In particular, Count Adema was persistent in his doubts about Ulrich's identity.The stage of fate was the World Championship in London. William returned home to his father in London. He secretly visited his blind father. The father, whom he had met for the first time in decades, wept at the fact that he had become a knight while groping his son's hand."Son, you've really changed the stars."William also confessed his true identity to Jocelyn. He no longer stood before her as Sir Ulrich, but as William Thatcher. Jocelyn accepted him because he loved his courage and sincerity, not his status.However, happiness was fleeting. Adema was certain of William's identity when he saw him meet his father. William was arrested and imprisoned for impersonating an aristocrat before the final, and was soon imprisoned in a square frame.The crowd booed and filth at the hero until yesterday. William lost everything. It was then."He is my lord!"Roland stoned the crowd instead, blocking William from the front. Wat, Kate, and Chaucer also ran to stand by him. Adema approached to mock William."That's great, Chen Min. It's time to go back to the gutter where you were."At that moment, horns rang out in the stadium. As the crowd broke apart, an engineer came up on horseback. He was Sir Thomas Colville, whom William had shown mercy on in his previous match.But his identity was England's heir to the throne, Edward the Black.The Black Prince stood in the way of William."He is my friend; and he has a more noble soul than any other aristocrat I know. Look at his men risking their lives for him. I will also carry a sword for him."Prince Edward drew his sword and put it on William's shoulder."I appoint you as a knight. Wake up, Sir William Thatcher!"It was the moment when Cheonmin William became a real 'Knight William'.
William, who was released, immediately entered the final in armor. His opponent was Count Adema. Adema used a sharp spear, which was cowardly illegal, and in the first clash William was fatally shot in the spear by a penetrating shoulder."Give up, William!" Adema scoffed.William was distraught with pain, but he couldn't give up. He threw off the pitch, and fixed the broken spear again."Roland, tie the spear.""No, Sir! You've bled too much!""No, I can do it. My father is watching!"A blind father in the stands chanted his son's name. "William! Run to your destiny!"William, covered in blood, rushed toward Adema with his bare face. His roar was no longer that of Lord Ulrich."I'm William Thatcher!"Two spears split through the air, and Adema's was shattered with a huge burst. William's spear hit Adema exactly in the chest. Adema tumbled off his horse, and the game ended in William's victory.The roofing son finally changed the star on his own and stood at the peak of the world. William was in Joslyn's arms, and his friends cheered. Chaucer murmured, recording all this story."Yeah, I'll make sure to write this story one day. It'll be a great story."
